my prayer life is meager I mean it's
certainly not organized I don't have
moments of prayer I don't have follow
any schedule of prayer underneath theory
about prayer I I'm ever milenberg that
great teacher said my prayer is mostly
blubbering and I think that's true from
the MEI I pray for people I love and
people who were sick I tried a prayer I
can't pray for the world as I would now
with the world and brink of chaos I
don't how to pray for peace I can't lift
up this whole circus but no my prayers
sporadic and random and inarticulate and
helpless this is off the point but not
entirely over the point I talked to a
man who had been in Trinity Church Wall
Street in New York on the day that the
Trade Center was destroyed and a evening
he told me many things that were perhaps
a fascinating he's right there in the
thick of it he and some others worked
their way finally uptown and they've got
to a restaurant and I ordered food and
then they all suddenly burst into tears
and he said that there was a service
hastily convened in the season of st.
John the Divine
at which Rowan Williams the now but not
then Archbishop of Canterbury at the
last moment was asked to speak I hope I
mean I'm suing a man to report my
creating one of the things that uh Rowan
Williams said was he said God in moments
like this God is useless and I thought
if there's one appalling thing to say
then I thought what a brave thing to say
and then I thought what a true thing say
God cannot or does not choose to make
the horrors unhappen they've happened
and he cannot be used
turned to him for something coming from
the Comfort but he is useless and yet
the other side of it is he is present
I'm sure he's present even the darkest
moment he is there but not in a way that
is of great comfort perhaps or in a way
that explains anything